src/data/about.md, before:


# Intro

I am a regular guy - married with two grown-up children with a mortgage and bills to pay.  

Outside of my regular day job, I established Qeetoto to support various entrepreneurial business initiatives I have had over the years; the most successful of which has been Texas Hedge'Em - an online poker-based gambling game which you can read more about below. I am currently pivoting Qeetoto to support workers in the Gig economy, which I shall post more on later. 

On the Gig Economy ... I love speaking to anyone about anything in this space so, if you share this interest, or would like to work together on a project with me or my colleagues, please ping me on LinkedIn and let's chat.

# Some history

- I will populate this if you ping me on LinkedIn

# I like

- Pobbing.  Pobbing is a word I coined for doing anything that makes me happy.  Fun fact: My daughter thought it was a real word until the age of 17. (Sorry Eleanor!)


# Travel / Geography

- In 1968, Born in Farnborogh, Hampshire, United Kingdom
- In 1972, Moved to Basildon, Essex, UK. (All though I would not have known as I was only four.)
- In 1997, Spent a year in Corvalis, Oregon, US. This was part of my year exchange program with University
- In 2001, Moved to Bishops Stortford, Hertfordshire, UK.


# Fun facts

- I can pronounce one of the [longest place names in the world](https://www.businessinsider.com/the-worlds-longest-place-name-has-85-letters-see-if-you-can-pronounce-it-2018-2?r=US&IR=T)

# I dream of

- Others seeing in me what I see in myself
- My children living long, fulfilling and happy lives
- Being finacially indepentent
- World peace (of course!)


# Companies that I admire

- [G-Games](https://g.games/)

Commit message:

Updated companies that I admire
Added World Economic Forum and Fairphone

src/data/about.md, after:


# Intro

I am a regular guy - married with two grown-up children with a mortgage and bills to pay.  

Outside of my regular day job, I established Qeetoto to support various entrepreneurial business initiatives I have had over the years; the most successful of which has been Texas Hedge'Em - an online poker-based gambling game which you can read more about below. I am currently pivoting Qeetoto to support workers in the Gig economy, which I shall post more on later. 

On the Gig Economy ... I love speaking to anyone about anything in this space so, if you share this interest, or would like to work together on a project with me or my colleagues, please ping me on LinkedIn and let's chat.

# Some history

- I will populate this if you ping me on LinkedIn

# I like

- Pobbing.  Pobbing is a word I coined for doing anything that makes you happy.  Fun fact: My daughter thought it was a real word until the age of 17. (Sorry Eleanor!)


# Travel / Geography

- In 1968, Born in Farnborogh, Hampshire, United Kingdom
- In 1972, Moved to Basildon, Essex, UK. (All though I would not have known as I was only four.)
- In 1997, Spent a year in Corvalis, Oregon, US. This was part of my year exchange program with University
- In 2001, Moved to Bishops Stortford, Hertfordshire, UK.


# Fun facts

- I can pronounce one of the [longest place names in the world](https://www.businessinsider.com/the-worlds-longest-place-name-has-85-letters-see-if-you-can-pronounce-it-2018-2?r=US&IR=T)

# I dream of

- Others seeing in me what I see in myself
- My children living long, fulfilling and happy lives
- Being finacially indepentent
- World peace (of course!)


# Companies that I admire

- [World Economic Forum](https://www.weforum.org/about/world-economic-forum/)
- [Fairphone](https://www.fairphone.com/)
- [G-Games](https://g.games/)
